Allow code comments explaining tests (#176997)
home-assistant/core: .github/copilot-instructions.md

- When reviewing entity actions, do not suggest extra defensive checks for input fields that are already validated by Home Assistant's service/action schemas and entity selection filters. Suggest additional guards only when data bypasses those validators or is transformed into a less-safe form.
- When validation guarantees a dict key exists, prefer direct key access (`data["key"]`) instead of `.get("key")` so contract violations are surfaced instead of silently masked.
- Keep comments concise. Prefer one short line stating the non-obvious constraint, or no comment at all.

> - Do not add comments that just restate the code on the following line(s) (e.g. `# Check if initialized` above `if self.initialized:`). Comments should only explain why (non-obvious constraints, surprising behavior, or workarounds), never what. Never add comments that justify a change by referencing what the code looked like before. Comments in tests that explain why a function call or assertion is made are ok.

Reviewer: I think this is still too strict:
> Comments should only explain why (non-obvious constraints, surprising behavior, or workarounds), never what.

It's fine to explain the what in very convoluted code where the logic may be hard to follow, we're now having AI-reviews remove such comments.

Reviewer 2: I find that Copilot still sometimes lets multi-line comments restating the code pass. Maybe we add something like "try to be concise"

Author: ```suggestion
- Do not add comments that just restate the code on the following line(s) (e.g. `# Check if initialized` above `if self.initialized:`). Comments should focus on explaining why (non-obvious constraints, surprising behavior, or workarounds). What the code does is ok to explain if the code is very complicated. Never add comments that justify a change by referencing what the code looked like before. Comments in tests that explain why a function call or assertion is made are ok.
```

Author: > I find that Copilot still sometimes lets multi-line comments restating the code pass. Maybe we add something like "try to be concise"

That's a topic for line 180.

Reviewer 3: Do you have an example @emontnemery where it was too restrictive?
I don't think we should make it less strict without one, because the LLM doesn't follow instructions blindly, so it can already reason a bit about the complexity.

(the reason why I want to be careful is because I don't want to go back to the point where most new code was filled with redundant comments)
